Add support for Open Policy Agent authorization (#3192)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.KafkaAuthorizationOpa.adoc

> To use link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/[Open Policy Agent^] authorization, set the `type` property in the `authorization` section to the value `opa`.

Reviewer: is the name of this adoc file like the FQDN of OPA authorization model purpose? it's `io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.KafkaAuthorizationOpa.adoc` which sounds weird to me.

Author: This is how the `@DescriptionFile` annotations works - when you set it on the class, it expects that there will be file named `<package>.<class-name>.adoc` which will be included into the API reference.

The Open Policy Agent authorizer has several configuration options:

`url`::
The URL used to connect to the Open Policy Agent server.
The URL has to include the policy which will be queried by the authorizer.
**Required.**

`allowOnError`::
Defines whether Kafka client should be allowed or denied by default when the authorizer fails to query the Open Policy Agent (for example because it is temporarily unavailable).
Defaults to `false` - all actions will be denied.

`initialCacheCapacity`::
Initial capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer.
Defaults to `5000`.

`maximumCacheSize`::
Maximum capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer.
Defaults to `50000`.

`expireAfterMs`::
The expiration of the records kept in the local cache.
In milliseconds.

> Defaults to `3600000` milliseconds (1 hour).

Reviewer: maybe this above definitions could be used to enrich the descriptions in the model as I raised before.

To use link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/[Open Policy Agent^] authorization, set the `type` property in the `authorization` section to the value `opa`.
The Open Policy Agent authorizer has several configuration options:

`url`::
The URL used to connect to the Open Policy Agent server.
The URL has to include the policy which will be queried by the authorizer.
**Required.**

`allowOnError`::

> Defines whether Kafka client should be allowed or denied by default when the authorizer fails to query the Open Policy Agent (for example because it is temporarily unavailable).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether a Kafka client should be allowed or denied by default when the authorizer fails to query the Open Policy Agent, for example, when it is temporarily unavailable.
```

Defaults to `false` - all actions will be denied.

`initialCacheCapacity`::

> Initial capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer to avoid querying Open Policy Agent for every request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initial capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer to avoid querying the Open Policy Agent for every request.
```

Defaults to `5000`.

`maximumCacheSize`::

> Maximum capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer to avoid querying Open Policy Agent for every request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maximum capacity of the local cache used by the authorizer to avoid querying the Open Policy Agent for every request.
```

Defaults to `50000`.

`expireAfterMs`::

> The expiration of the records kept in the local cache to avoid querying Open Policy Agent for every request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The expiration of the records kept in the local cache to avoid querying the Open Policy Agent for every request.
```

> Defines how often will the cached authorization decisions will expire and be reloaded from the Open Policy Agent server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines how often the cached authorization decisions are reloaded from the Open Policy Agent server.
```

In milliseconds.
Defaults to `3600000` milliseconds (1 hour).

`superUsers`::

> A list of user principals which will be treated as super users and will be always allowed without querying the open Policy Agent policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of user principals treated as super users, so that they are always allowed without querying the open Policy Agent policy.
```
